>> Mike North: So, I'm Mike.
I train developers full-time.
Most of the time,
I am working at LinkedIn, where I am
just doing workshops all the time for
mostly their front end developers.
But, across a wide range
of modern Web topics,
including Sass, and Ember,
and JavaScript fundamentals.
And, soon we'll be getting
into things like TypeScript.
So it's really nice to be able to come
out here and to share some of what I've
built to train these developers
with the broader community.
And today,
we are going to be talking about Sass.
First off,
you're gonna want to download the slides.
It's bit.ly/sass-fundamentals just like
that link at the top of the slides there.
The reason is, when we go through
the exercises you will want for, for
back to things that are not
on the screen anymore.